TALENTS
Adaptable
Get along with people really well
Good in leadership roles (rises to leadership roles)
Communication
School:
science (my passion)
math
sports
people, objects
Proud of:
Published once in college w/the geological paper. Offered a TA role in college.
PASSION
science (my passion)
film (die hard watching, talking about, character building, storytelling)
music theory - how to make music. composition
historical podcasts
space
MISSION
Impressionable young adults - Providing an escape for teens(those years are very transformative) to young adults (18-20)
Dependence on screen time has become present. (they don’t even write letters anymore) (it’s not good to let a practice or tradition die out)
Generational issue - effects the habits are creating are not good. not healthy, growth orienting, losing skills.
Bridge the divide our history.
Crossover
Inventing ideas. Passing on / educating development skills
(who are too dependent on screens)
----
I want to use my top talent of leading/educating and my top passion of science/history to help modern
 young adults reconnect with history
through technology, the work I love to do.

copy and paste and into penn state to match V school
Add to additional skills 
working with several departments
project management
trechnical and creative problem solving
remote 
detail oriented 
communication
time management
flexible

Experience working with all levels of an organization.
Excellent technical and data project management skills.
Ability to creatively problem solve on own initiative.
Excellent analytical skills, organizational, time management, and problem solving skills.
Excellent communication (written & verbal), planning, interpersonal, project, and time management skills required.
Excellent customer service skills and service oriented approach.
Detail-oriented individual capable of working both independently and within a team.
Ability to work in a group setting and independently; ability to adjust to changing priorities.
flexibility to support project deadlines and goals in support of the business.